this is the sit jooy X1 apparently a
gaming chair that has 16 features built
in we're going to open it up and see if
we can find all 16 and find out which
color we even got now I know Colton's
normally the one that does chair
unboxings on short circuit but I hadn't
seen a chair with this many features in
this kind of style of shape for a gaming
chair looking at the website after
hearing it had 16 features I couldn't
really figure out what each 16 were even
from their own
website that's why I need to investigate
in
person oh my
goodness I am killing so many turtles
when I dump this in the
ocean oh we got the gray version we
didn't get the orange version Bell
there's an LT orange I guess this is a
short circuit you want to help no I need
to prove that I can do Chair unboxings
by myself I don't need
help here's I think the back rest of it
put it on the couch for now I thought
these were buttons but it looks like
it's just where the end of each fabric
piece is joined together I don't really
know how I like that but whatever what
matters is how comfy it is and let's get
the back
on that's a wrong hole do you need help
or you no I I can build a chair by
myself B listen you're no Colton you'll
never be him little bro I quit you're so
close oh oh now you missed it no I got
one you didn't get two though oh there
we go okay assembly Build That Was Easy
holy cow Colton says these are hard what
are you talking about before I sit in it
let's go over some of the features one
feature is it rotates 270° 270 is
supposed to be 3/4 of a circle if we
look at this it's pointed exactly this
way which means when it's done it should
point at
me uh it's pretty close Okay so that's
half a feature uh marked off let's do
adjustable
arms they are in fact adjustable oh and
then this is another feature they
actually have storage inside the armrest
here which there appears to be some
stuff we
missed future number four S what is this
so it is the I guess arm for the cell
phone holder in the other armrest here
was oh this is that threein one pillow
it counts as a lumbar pillow a head
pillow and a blanket that seems kind of
cheap to call it a threein one pillow
when two of the features are being a
pillow oh okay it's got the blanket
inside of it it's not great and I don't
like that now my pillow is useless
because I took my blanket out there was
this envelope that unfortunately got
kind of squished let's see what's inside
here I'm not reading all that little bro
that's a lot of text I'm sorry something
labeled SPS adapter I'm assuming that
this is for the built-in Bluetooth
speaker that's one of the other features
of this chair you get to feel The Wubs
in your butt we'll give it a little test
drive here but I was just about to go
plug the base in which connects from
this end into a cable that's already
installed in the chair but then this
this is all you have to run it from the
chair so I guess it has to be kind of
near the edge of a wall which I feel
like would defeat the entire purpose of
being able to swivel around Bluetooth
mode sorry what was that oh it wants us
to tell you about our sponsor Corsair if
you're looking for a case for your new
stunningly powerful PC corsair's 3500x
has you covered with support for
anywhere from mini ITX all the way up to
eatx motherboards a wraparound tempered
glass aesthetic and room for up to 10
120 m fans your PC will stay cool inside
and out plus its removable glass panels
make building and upgrades a breeze it
even supports reverse connections for a
clean cable-free look so check out the
Corsair 3500x at the link down below
let's give it an actual test drive
here it's a chair it's comfy though I
actually don't mind it I feel like it's
pushing me really far forward though
even though I feel like I'm leaning back
the whole chair wants to push me quite
forward right now there is adjustable I
think feet rest on the side here o there
we go never know how to react when
I'm did you hear that did that come
through on the audio that was terrible
sounding okay I thought maybe it was the
sound of like it reaching its Max limit
but the motor still trying to push it
but I'm hitting the button again it's
not going further oh I hit a third
button what does this button do uh the
other button you push was underglow yeah
I guess that's another feature is the
underlow all right beside those buttons
that we talked about there's a USB C
port and a usba a port so yep I can
charge my phone it's not doing fast
charging slow charging is better for
your battery and I guess if you're
sitting in here for an hour or two
watching a movie while it's charging
that's better but I prefer fast charging
so this is kind of a downgrade in my
opinion Bluetooth
connected thank you I appreciate it well
if you're going to sit in here for 2
hours at least you have a built-in
speaker let's give it a little test
drive with crab rave
that is max volume that is really quiet
and does not sound good another really
big downside it's Bluetooth 2.0 for you
kids playing along at home we're
currently on 5.4
today yeah that's not
great I would rather honestly have this
plugged in and have some
earbuds I would not use this
speaker don't
know I was trying to give it the the
doubt by hearing people speak instead of
just music yeah that still sounds like
but if you don't like that you know
what you can do there's the GPU upgrade
the new GPU has 67 this is much louder I
feel like because the reason I think
it's louder even if to the outside
people might not be this is right here
in front of my face right the audio is
coming from under my butt here and I
feel like it's just being shot across
the floor I don't feel like I'm being
immersed in my audio with this speaker
versus something like this another
feature they both out of the 16 features
is voice commands apparently it's kind
of like a you have to say something
beforehand in this case easy control
here I am reading mode okay switch to
reading mode for
you did it do
anything okay let's try let's try the
gaming one easy control here I am gaming
mode okay switch to for
you that was pathetic I'm actually more
uncomfortable now than what I was before
easy I want to sleep okay s to sleep
mode for
you what's the difference between open
and this easy mode open recliner opening
the recliner is it going to go all the
way is that all the way it is so what's
the difference between open recliner and
sleeping
I I'm kind of torn by this cuz I don't
necessarily mind voice activated items
but this is not a good experience that
I'm having right now saying such a long
thing like easy
control and then whatever you want to
say is kind of annoying and based on
what we've just tested I did three
things and it brought me to this
position so I don't understand why
there's that many options along with the
270° we talked about earlier apparently
has 30° of what they're calling swing
which feels like a lot more but it's
probably about 30° another feature they
have is the material that it's made of
it's it features 80% silica gel leather
which quote remarkably smooth and soft
texture reminiscent of baby
skin that's a terrible sentence but
apparently it's abrasion resistant I
don't know abrasion resistant babies but
we should give it a try can we scratch
it with something I've been commanded by
the CEO to rub my face against
it it's smooth I don't rub my face
against babies very often though don't
include that in the video for the love
of God put the gloves on cuz we're going
to give it a cut with a knife toss me it
there we go was nice and safe we'll do
little classic Jerry rig everything
we'll do just a little bit and then
we'll kind of go harder and
harder you know what I'm giving it a
pretty decent amount oh but oh I think
we're starting to see some which
apparently it's cat scratch resistant
I'm not really sure how strong a cat is
my couch is torn apart so let's give it
that
try you know what there's definitely
marks on it but I think if I did that
same pressure to any type of fabric or
something like that it would have cut
the cut the threads and everything and
made a much more obvious scratch than
this but you know it's not cut resistant
that's for sure next up it also claims
it's ink resistant which we'll start
with the pen but we brought some other
different Sharpies and whiteboard
markers to give it a
try well that was immediate I is it
supposed to be resistant or repellent
resistant cuz
like oh you know what though it wipes
off pretty easy it's still there but I
think if you actually took like a wet
cloth and gave it a good
[Music]
rub okay I'm actually kind of impressed
with that that pen did pretty well let's
give the Sharpie and the dry erase
marker a go here so we'll do a little
bit of the dry erase marker and then
probably the toughest challenge is the
Sharpie oh wow I can already tell that
it is doing a pretty good
job that did pretty good oh whoops I
even got some down here there you go I
mean sometimes with ink if you let it
sit on the surface for a while and then
like you notice 12 hours later cuz your
kid doodled on it maybe it would be
harder to get off but just initially it
actually did really well at coming off
pretty easy and besides just being
marker and ink resist it's also Easy
Clean
apparently let's give this one a
test all right let's give it a little
bit of like a rub in
though that came off pretty easy if it
was on the actual material here but if
it's hitting any of the kind of open
fabric side you can see that it is
starting to kind of hang on a little bit
more I don't know if it's staining it
but it's not coming off as easy as you
know just the leatherette material here
let's just see how easy it is
though oh
[Music]
god well there we go I got all the chip
pieces out but you can still slightly
see a little bit of red from the ketchup
on like this flowery part here but the
rest of the chair cleaned up fine it's
just those exposed Fabrics all right
Belle that one did pretty well what's
the next feature aging
resistance well I guess we'll
wait 10 years later still looks pretty
good now to the most important
feature flame
retardant you you got to get off the
chair what no it'll be fine if it bursts
into flames it's not going to burst into
flames what if it does then it's good
content I don't even know I got to look
up how to use this bill is on standby
with the flamethrower or
the okay we'll do we we we'll start with
one second and we'll go
up you know what though this definitely
gets hotter than like a typical Bick
lighter for example and it held up
pretty well for the second and then
obviously because this is way warmer you
can see just the tiniest bit of damage
there but I think for most household
lighters it would probably be okay we're
going to try from a bit further away and
then we'll move closer cuz again of the
heat concerns here
but if you're holding that fire on that
long there's other issues I think so
honestly I think it did pretty well if
someone just accidentally bumped a
lighter or something I think it's
totally fine Andrew a cameraman here
actually pointed another thing you're
not always necessarily worried about
fire if this is up against a wall with a
baseboard heater or something and over
time it slowly Heats it up that can also
cause fire and in that case I think this
has done a pretty good job oh my
God nice gotcha the next two features
are weightlessness and it's filling
which is 50% fiber and 50% feathers
overall it's pretty comfy to sit in but
Andrew actually pointed out earlier it
doesn't look like it kind of hugs you I
feel like I'm sitting on top of the
chair and I think that's a pretty
accurate representation of how I
feel unless I do this then I'm like
being held into place you know so would
I recommend this chair based on the 16
features I don't know on sale we saw it
as low as $700 but the retail price is
$1,200 depending on what other shops
you're looking for a recliner $700 can
be an appropriate price for one and they
can go all the way up to $1,200 it will
come down to if you feel the need to
have a dedicated cell phone holder or
this type of reclining or the voice
activation but what I want this in my
home I'm not even going to try for it at
the Christmas party cuz I've burnt it
and put ink on it but if you guys did
enjoy this video make sure you guys like
it down below leave a comment on what
you think about the chair and maybe go
check out any of our other chair videos
unless I burn them